this month on our mobile computing
feature we're going to take a look at a
notebook computer for the corporate
elite this notebook pc is truly for the
mobile professional who needs security
manageability enhance performance and
graphics all in a business rugged note
button well my favorite product in this
category is the new HP elitebook 8440p
this notebook features a brushed
aluminum finish and business rugged
construction to protect your notebook on
the go a magnesium aluminum display
enclosure and magnesium alloy chassis
provides increased durability it comes
with a beautiful 14 inch diagonal screen
terrific performance rich media
capabilities built in 802 11 g wireless
and of course it comes with the new
windows 7 one aspect of the 8440p which
really stands out is the energy savings
and power management tool HP power
assistant put your notebooks power
settings at your fingertips with one
easy-to-use tool and because it uses
dedicated hardware found in HP business
notebooks the HP power assistant
delivers a level of accuracy and
monitoring you simply can't find in
other power management tools you gain
real-time visibility and the control you
need to conserve your notebooks power
stretch its battery life and even help
meet your goals for green computing when
your notebook is plugged into an AC
power source HP power system displays
your current battery status and power
usage the HP power assistant displays
your battery life and hours and minutes
if you see the need to stretch your
remaining power to make it through the
end of a meeting or a presentation you
can easily switch from high performance
to mobile to conserve power the
combination of performance and
durability married with the energy
savings and power management advances
makes the HP elitebook 8440p my favorite
notebook in this category